# Planning ~~stages~~ and Construction 

Realizing how non-professional and unimpressive it will come off, organized planning of this project was almost non-existant. There really was no Planning and management, Requirements, or even Design phases much as I dislike to admit it. 
I spent a full day on the agonizing over the decision to build the application with React or just standard vanilla JS alone and AJAX to handle promises. I had never truly built anything from scratch with React without a walkthrough/guide/support of some sort to lean on if I get stuck. I went over the pros and cons many, many times of each option. With vanilla JS I have much more experience and comfort, which would translate to less time spent learning and making mistakes and needing to bother with dependencies. On the other hand, this would be a great opportunity to really sink my teeth into React, which is a highly relevant JS framework to this and the other roles for which I'm interviewing. I worried I would be biting off more than I could chew and have to start over (which turned out to be true, twice) so I decided to take the risk and move forward with using React, with the caveat of giving myself wiggle room in the form of building the project in a seperate repo. I realize I was supposed to be doing the building and the committing in this repo, and would have liked to do so but sacrifices had to be made. Additionally, to be entirely honest I was shy about revealing the novice mistakes I would no-doubt be making to a potential employer.
With all that said, inspite of how much extra time I spent than I intended to (and could afford to) and failure to figure out how to deploy with Heroku, I am happy with my decision to use React. I learned a massive amount about the React framework, leveled up as a Developer, and picked up some fun little hat tricks (even a new way to referance a CSS stylesheet which I think is very elegant) along the way.

The app and how a user interacts with it is extremely simple at a high level. The user is prompted to perform an addition operation based on the numbers generated by and stored in the parent component of the app, and user input is used to make an API request with Axios. Axios retreives the response from the server, and delivers it back to the app which can then continue to interact with the user, checking the accuracy of their input, and so on. 